[MUSIC PLAYING]
As our medical costs climb
further out of reach for many
of us, wouldn't it be wonderful
to have access to someone who
could simply look at you,
tell you what's wrong,
and how to fix it.
Fortunately, these people exist.
They're called
medical intuitives.
Today's guest, Carol
Ritberger, is one such person.
Having the ability to see into
the energetic matrix of life
was not always easy for Carol.
But today, she
thrives, and teaches
others how to do the same.
And not to embarrass her, but
I have to say that, Carol,
you're one of my
favorite people.
And the reason for that is
that, not only does Carol see,
and she sees a
tremendous amount.
She-- she was
looking at the aura
of the-- the
corporate headquarters
here at Gaiam a little while
ago, which was fascinating.
But you see the
beauty in all things.
That's the really
interesting thing.
You can find beauty, even
where someone else might
see something that is not.
And that-- I think that
is really your gift.
And let's talk about
something for a second.
This is just a bone
I have to pick,
that I want to talk about.
OK
People talk about
people like you,
and anyone who
has abilities that
are beyond the physical,
sensory world, as having a gift.
And my bone to pick is,
I don't see it that way.
I see it, it's you.
It's the person.
You've developed it.
Over what course of
time, or whatnot,
these at your own net--
naturally developed talents
that you have
brought to the table.
Nobody gifted you with it.
Absolutely not.
And especially because
I died, and that's
how I came about with it.
I'm sure that was a gift on it.
But, the reality is,
we're all intuitive.
And we all have the ability
to see beyond the obvious.
It's just that we don't
all necessarily develop it.
And it's right.
When I came back-- It's true.
When I came back from my
near-death experience,
my whole world looked different.
Well let's talk about that.
Because that's
really the beginning
of this part of your story.
Let's put you in a
time-frame reference,
so we know, kind of
how long ago this was.
What your life was
like at the time,
because you were
very left-brained.
Very.
I'm a research scientist, and
my education is in personality,
behavioral psychology.
I wanted to know what
made people tick.
Why we do the things we do.
And so that was my whole focus.
And I was working in
the corporate world.
And I mean, you can't be any
more left-brained than anything
in working in that world.
And then I died.
Literally, I died.
And it was--
Maybe, you want to
expand on that a little?
Yeah.
I died.
How did you die?
Well, it-- You know, it's a
story that, even to-- to today,
after it happened
in 1981, I mean,
if anybody ever told me I'd
make a living as an intuitive,
I probably would've run
away from them, number one.
And number two, to
be able to see auras,
then they would really-- you
know, that would be different.
But what occurred is that I woke
up in the middle of the night.
And I'm going to say
it, a voice literally
woke me up, and said, wake up.
And my husband and my
daughter were out-of-town.
And there was nobody there,
and it was like, hello, I
must be dreaming.
And this voice said, wake up.
You're having
difficulty breathing.
And it's like, well really?
I know that, because I'm
having difficulty breathing.
You didn't need to tell me.
Yeah, exactly.
And so, I was really
stressed, difficult breathing,
my heart was having
arrhythmia, I
was, palpitations, everything.
-You were a young woman.
-I was.
I was only 37-years-old.
And, you know, nothing like
this had ever happened.
I didn't have any
allergic reactions.
Nothing that we could
ever pinpoint to it.
And so, I laid down back down.
I thought, well this is
just absolutely crazy.
It couldn't happen.
And it must have been a dream,
and I must have just come
out of it in a startled state.
And all that rationalization,
as a scientist would do.
And so I laid back down, and
this voice said, get up now.
And so I got up, and
I was really-- My body
was very, very distressed.
And so I got up, and this
voice said, go to the hospital.
And the course, me. it's
like, and why would I do that?
And this voice
said, you're dying.
And that'll get your attention.
I tell you, it does.
And you know, typical
of me, I drove
myself to the emergency room.
How were you able to do that?
I just-- it was almost like--
You were on auto pilot
I was.
There with something
inside that, I just
knew that what I was
experiencing, as crazy as it
may sound, it was
beyond just what was
happening to my physical body.
And so you
intuitively knew that.
And I just-- I just knew
that this was important.
I needed to do this.
So, drove myself to emergency,
and when I went to register,
the administrator said,
and why are you here?
And I said, I'm dying.
And she goes, excuse me?
And she said, and how
would you know this?
Well, you don't say, well
a little voice told me so.
Right.
But what I did
is, I said to her,
I'm having difficulty
breathing, my heart's rates
really irregular, I feel
faint, and so forth.
So, she must have
taken one look,
and got this message so, I
literally-- they took me in,
and put me into emergency.
And this voice said,
it's time to go.
And I remember
thinking, go where?
And next thing I know, I
was above the whole dynamics
of the ER room, watching
me lay on this table.
And the voice said,
we have to go.
And I remember being aware.
That's the best way to say it.
I remember being
aware of the noise,
and the-- the people
that were so frantic,
and trying to save me.
And I remember someone
saying, we're losing her.
We're losing her.
She's flat-lining.
Get her back.
You know, bring in whatever.
You know, and next thing I know,
I remember thinking to myself,
you haven't lost me.
You're just looking
in the wrong place.
I'm up here, and what'
happening down there.
And that's part of my
sense of humor, which I
realize is the dynamics of it.
And then, next thing I know, I
found myself literally moving
at light speed, never afraid.
There was such a
tremendous sense of peace,
and resolve, and no
fear in everything.
And I ended up, and I remember
them saying, before I left,
we've lost her.
And-- and I knew
what that meant.
There was nothing--
And there was no emotional
attachment to that--
None.
--from your position
out of the body?
None.
It was just a
dynamics of a process.
And when I went to the-- I guess
I would say, the other side.
I don't know.
I thought it was
supposed to be heavens,
and angels, and everything,
and I ended up in a car wash.
You might want
to expand on that.
And I'm thinking, I can't
even get the dying part right.
Ya, ba, ba, that whole
part-- part of who I am.
OK.
So, why at the car wash?
Well, what I realized, and I
didn't realize it at the time,
the brain is so magnificent.
It knew that my
physicalness had died.
And there's a four-minute
window from the time we stop--
the heart stops that last
breath, that the brain still
has activity.
And what it was doing, when we
hear that cliche that your life
passes before you, it was true.
And what my brain
was doing was going
into my emotional memories,
and pulling up the things
that were really important.
Things that would
want me to come back,
or to bring that life back.
And I used to love to go to
the car washes with my dad--
Oh, there it was.
--you know, just fascinated
by the whole process.
And-- and it was something
that was comical.
It was humorous.
It had a lot of
positive feelings.
And then I heard Carol,
Carol, Carol, and I thought,
oh my gosh, my mom's here, too.
She used to say that to me
when she was always, you know,
upset with me.
And-- and I thought,
well no, that can't be.
And then I was, kind of,
watching all this dynamics.
That's the best
way to explain it.
And these three orbs
came up to me, lights,
and they just hung with me,
and they basically told me
that they were going to
stay with me until I made
the decision to stay or go.
And at that point
in time, I don't
know how to explain it, because
you really don't say things.
But you telepathically
know things.
And I remember thinking, well,
I'm probably going to stay.
It was a beautiful,
beautiful place.
And then I heard my
daughter's voice.
And one of things my
daughter used to say to me
is, Mom, come on.
Let's go out and play.
And I heard that voice, and
that brought me back into body.
And of course, I thought
you'd float back, right?
I mean, I've decided
to come back.
Slammed back in, and open my
eyes, and couldn't see a thing.
Couldn't see a thing.
I was just as blind as can be.
I could hear voices.
I could hear a nurse saying, OK.
She's awake.
What do you see?
The doctors were there.
How are you feeling?
It's like, well, I feel--
Were they trying-- were they
doing those typical shining
lights in your eyes?
They were trying
to do the lights.
to figure out where
I was, from a
body-functioning standpoint,
where my breathing
was, the heart rate,
it was extremely fast.
What does that mean?
And I kept saying to
them, close the blinds.
Turnout the lights.
I can't see.
I can hear you, but I can't see.
And little did I know, they
said, well, after a while,
Carol, this'll pass.
And it was just the fact
that you-- The best they
said is that I had a seizure.
And that the seizure
caused my heart to stop.
And, as a result of that, they
had to really be aggressive,
because I was actually
declared medically
dead a little over
three minutes,
which I should never come back.
Or if should-- if I did,
-That's a long time.
--have major-- It is.
--have major brain
damage, and everything.
Of course, anybody that
knows I'm a medical intuitive
might think there's brain
damage, but, oh well.
Until they get used to you.
That's another--
that's another story.
Another whole thing.
But what it did is,
it changed my sight.
Literally altered
my eyes to the point
where they let in
too much light.
That's about the
best we can say.
So when you say
you couldn't see,
it wasn't as though
everything was dark.
Was everything too
blown out with light?
It was too blown
out with light.
It was white light.
I could hear-- When somebody
would say something that
had kind of an edge to it, at
I don't really know what that
really meant at the time,
but it felt like there was
an edge, or a little bit
of frustration, and anger,
I would see light
shoot in front of me.
And it's like, wow, this
is really kind of weird.
And then, when--
as it passed, and I
got back, trying to live with
it, the lights never went away.
So anything that has
atoms, and molecules,
and motion, trees, plants,
humans, even water in movement,
all has an aura.
And that's what I get to see.
Even what appear to
be inanimate objects,
such as coming into a
beautiful building like this.
Oh, at-- exactly.
And crystals, I mean, coming
in to the building of Gaiam,
and to see the crystals,
and to see how open they
are, and the colors
they are, and I mean,
it's like they reach out and
just welcome you, and so forth.
But I didn't know
anything about it.
In fact, honestly,
Regina, I didn't even
know how to spell aura.
Yeah.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
--as real as this-- this--
you slammed into this reality--
I did.
--along with slamming
into your body.
And I here I am, in
the corporate world,
and I'm thinking, oh my
gosh, this needs go away.
I've got a big corporate
account that I'm going to.
What if they can see--
know that I see auras?
How is this going-- it-- the--
What happened when--
was it like Mel Gibson,
in the movie, "What Women
Want", when he could hear
everything that
women were thinking,
and it wasn't very flattering.
But was it like that?
Did you-- What happened when
you went to your next meeting?
I went into this meeting.
I had 168 managers, and-- and
interesting, the funny, kind
of the cosmic humor of
things, as I'm learning,
is that this was an
organization that I
was invited to do personality
work in the research
and development.
But when I looked
at the colors, there
wasn't a lot of research and
development mentality there.
It was like, take something
and maybe make it better,
but nothing really cutting edge.
And I looked out at
them, and I thought,
you know, Carol, you
are really in trouble.
How are you going to interact?
You know, is it going
to get in the way?
Is it going to impede
you being able to share?
I mean, a tremendous
amount of anxiety and fear
came around it.
And when it was done,
I was very relieved.
And of course, they measured
whether you're going to come
back on the evaluations.
And I got good evaluations.
So then I was really relieved.
But I thought, you know, I've
got to figure out what this is.
And when you're saying you
were looking at the people,
you were seeing the spectrum
of colors within their aura,
and recognizing those
were not the colors
that supported the very
mission this company had.
Absolutely.
They were the wrong
people plugged in.
And this is just one way in
which you see people, and also
assist people with
your consultation,
is that you can see
when they're doing
something totally out-of-sync
with their own energetic
matrix.
Oh, absolutely.
And the-- and the thing with
the-- unlike the human mind
that can rationalize,
the energetic field
is just pure truth.
When someone is really
left-brain oriented,
and they're trying
to force themselves
into a right-brain creativity,
they can do that, if they do it
in alignment with themselves.
But if they try to be something
other than who they are,
it creates stress.
And that's what I
see in the field.
Oh, well we're going to
talk about that, at length,
in a little bit.
Because most people are trying
to be something they're not.
Absolutely.
On one level or another, this
just is endemic to the species.
Certainly to the Western
way of life, I think.
But going back to this,
so you-- I remember you
had told me before
that you were actually
praying to get rid of this
vision that you were having.
This-- this type of sight.
Please let me wake up
and be normal, right?
Absolutely.
And the reason--
as it progressed,
I still hung on to the words
of the doctor, that this
too will pass, and it didn't.
And it evolved.
And then I would be able
to see things that I
just couldn't understand.
And there was no books.
I mean, there-- there really
weren't-- wasn't the field
of medical intuition.
So you would go, and I
would read about chakras,
and I would read about
aura, and I would
try to read all about this.
But the thing with the intuition
is that, once you embrace it,
it just opens up the
way that it's designed.
And it just was a--
constantly evolving.
At that time,
there weren't even
many books on the
color of subj--
of-- of-- the subject of
color therapy, where you could
even see what colors meant.
I mean, you really
had to intuit your way
through this understanding--
-I did.
--large extent.
I did.
And, you know, if I
would-- a friend of mine
said, well, Carol--
and please keep
in mind I'm a scientist,
and very, kind of,
in that left-brain world.
And a friend said
to me, well, Carol,
the only way you're
going to learn about this
is to go to a psychic fair.
And it's like, what?
I don't think so.
And she said, well I don't know
how you're going to do this.
And she said, well I'm
going to go, come with me.
And I did.
And she said, well, sit down
and start talking to people.
Well, I started
seeking out anybody.
I would go up to people and--
at the tables-- and I'd say,
do you see auras?
And they'd go, no.
And it's like, oh.
Do you see auras?
And finally I ran into one
lady, and she said she did,
and it's like, well
what do you see?
And then she would share.
And I said, do you see red?
Do you see gray?
Do you see teal?
Do you see this?
And she goes, no,
I don't see that.
OK, well, I went
in, is that bad?
Is it good?
What does it mean?
And so we'd just dialect.
That's the way I had to learn.
And it took you a lot of years
to begin piecing together,
kind of, over-arching
patterns, and colors,
and movements of colors,
and forms, didn't it?
I mean--
-It did.
How many-- how long did it
take you to put it together?
Well, it really-- before I
actually became comfortable,
meaning that I was comfortable
with the education I had,
because I went in, not only
wanted to know about auras
and energy, I wanted to
know about the anatomy
and physiology of the body.
I wanted to know
what organs, glands,
did, how were they connected?
Illness, what kind of illnesses?
How is it connected?
My world of personality,
how was it connected?
So it did.
It took me about 16
years of trial and error,
and a lot of
education, to get here.
And at that point
in time, each time,
again, you would think that
you would have an answer,
something would unfold.
So what I did is, I
started creating binders.
I would ask people if they
wanted their aura read?
I would create
binders of pictures
that I-- here I am, 30--
well, about that time
it was about 43 when it
started-- I was coloring.
I was walking around
with crayon boxes.
[INTERPOSING VOICES] 120
crayons were my best friend.
And you were coloring what
you were seeing in people?
What I was seeing in people.
You know, I'd get
their permission,
because I learned
very early on that,
you know, while this
was kind of fun,
you know, you'd be
standing in a grocery line,
and you'd say to someone, oh,
you have very beautiful colors.
Well, they'd move their
cart to another aisle.
It's like, well, don't do that.
Or I'd be in the
produce department,
they're squeezing
away, and I'd see
all these red, and this
anger, and this stuff,
and it's like, oh, well
you don't have to squeeze
that-- don't say that Carol.
But what I did is,
I literally started,
what does diabetes look like?
What is the pattern of diabetes?
What are the colors?
Where does it show
up in the aura?
Immune system disorders,
thyroid disorders, and I
created a binder of what I saw.
And every time I
would find someone
with the same type of illness,
I would find the same pattern.
That's what I was-- it
was pretty consistent.
Absolutely.
Even though we are very
different, our conditioning is
different, what we expect
of our self is different,
the patterns of illness
is very consistent.
Interesting.
And once I understood
what the pattern was,
and the way the other
parts of the body
were impacted by it, and--
for example, with diabetes.
Diabetes really, in many
cases, are tied to thyroid.
So when I would see
someone with diabetes,
I would have thyroid
issues, maybe hypoglycemia,
or maybe I would have
Hashimoto's, or a low thyroid.
And then I would also
find with diabetes,
the liver would be involved.
And then-- so, I started
seeing these connections.
And what ultimately
led to the work
that I do-- and I
work with doctors.
I'm not, anti-medicine,
anti-doctor--
is that doctors treat symptoms.
That's the way they're--
that's the way they're taught.
They're-- they're not trying to
do anything to us, it's taught.
But for me, for a headache,
it doesn't start your head.
It starts in your stomach.
Yes.
Interesting.
I know two people, where they
say, I'm getting a migraine.
My stomach's very upset.
And we even now call
them, stomach migraines,
so there you go.
And then, you know,
started looking at that,
and they'll get MRIs and
all the different things.
And the doctor will come back,
which is absolutely accurate,
there's nothing
wrong in the head.
Well there isn't.
OK so now, you-- you
have your binder together,
and once you started
finding these connections,
and you created, I assume,
a big, fat binder, now
did you do-- is
that at the point
you decided to do
this as a career?
I did.
Because I realized-- and
I even was having doctors
come to me, because they were
hearing about what I was doing,
and how was working, and
they would come to me.
And the gift of a
medical intuitive-- and I
hate to put all of us
in one, kind of, bag,
but I'm going to do that
for the sake of this--
we see the big picture.
I liken us to a radiologist.
Instead of seeing one
part that isn't working
or malfunctioning, we
see all the other parts
that are involved.
And if we can offer a doctor,
or we can offer person,
a bigger picture, then the
person can focus on the area
that they feel they have
a sense of control over.
And then, now they
engage and participate
in their own healing.
And that's really
what healing is.
Healing is, it's having
people to help you,
but you doing your own
healing at the same time.
So it was just-- that's
how it came about.
So now I'm just
going to ask, kind
of, an open question before
we get into some specifics.
Are most people, when they're
given the truth of what it is,
including its origin, because
a lot of this a spiritual,
and emotional even, once they
are given a reflection back
of what's actually
going on, are most
people capable of initiating
their own healing process?
They are.
That-- I think that's a real
hopeful part of what I do,
and other medical intuitives do.
People have a difficult
time healing the body
if they really don't
understand what the dynamics.
If they could a
picture of what it is--
and that again, like you said,
Regina, the gift of the aura
is, it just doesn't reveal
what's going on in the body.
It reveals emotions, it reveals
core themes, thought patterns,
it read-- it just tells the
whole life story of the person.
And if you can say to someone,
for example, with diabetes,
is that diabetes,
metaphorically, is
the loss of sweetness of life.
That means that there's
an element of sadness.
And you can say to someone,
look at the parts of your life
where you experience
this sadness,
and what can you do to feel
like you have control over it?
That you can make a difference.
Why is it-- and why
is it an epidemic now,
where it wasn't 40 years ago?
I think-- I think
you've touched
on it, from the standpoint, I
think that we've grown into,
kind of a-- a group
consciousness,
that we have to somehow fit.
That marching to the own
drum-- your own drummer
isn't an accepted thing.
We have such a need to be liked,
or to be loved, or to fit in,
that I think that we
just are conditioned
to basically lose the essence.
And that's not true.
We really don't
lose the essence,
but lose connection
with that essence.
-Awareness--
-Absolutely.
- --of that.
And diabetes is an
awareness disease.
It's getting back in
touch with yourself,
and becoming aware of what
brings those little things-- it
doesn't have to
be the big thing--
those little things that
bring you happiness,
or that make you smile,
or that bring you joy.
And I--
What's it-- Can you tell
us what it looks like?
Now let's talk about, someone
walks through the door,
and they have
diabetes, to the extent
where they really need to be
injecting themselves daily.
An adult-- not adult, but maybe
even, early onset diabetes.
OK, so, what does that
look like within the body,
and then within this
etheric portion of it,
as well, energetically?
The parts that are obviously
activated, duller, or whatever.
Well, it-- and again,
excuse me for jumping there,
but the beauty of the aura is,
is that when somebody walks in,
it may not be that the first
thing that's revealed to me
is a pattern of diabetes.
It may very well be that
it's tied into the fact
that they're not feeling--
maybe they're feeling helpless.
Maybe they're feeling
hopeless, maybe there's
some sadness about them, maybe
they're feeling like they're
lost, and so forth.
That may be one
person will say that,
and then that's my cue to go
in deeper and look at the body.
Other people may walk in,
and it's like, oh my gosh,
this is type 2 diabetes.
It's in the advanced stages.
We need to work with it.
And what that will look
like in the pancreas area,
it will have, first, a brown.
That's the outer layer, letting
me know there's congestion.
Brown, OK.
It's letting me know
that there's congestion
in the field, their body isn't
assimilating food the way
that it needs to.
Then what I'll do is, I'll find
the layer underneath that, that
kind of protrudes out, is red.
That lets me know that
their energy-burning part
of their bodies is struggling.
They're just like,
the mitochondria,
the energy-burning part
of the cell is struggling.
And they're just
fighting for survival,
and doing their thing.
And then I may find
a phlegm green,
in my world, that's basically
where we've got insulin,
we've got a sluggishness,
we've got a thyroid
not talking to the liver,
not talking to the pancreas,
not talking to the thyroid.
So again, it just--
it just maps it.
That's the beauty.
And what would those same
areas look like if they
were in a healthy state?
Well in a healthy state,
first thing I might do
is, I might see red
if they're stressed.
And that usually,
to me, is it's like,
well probably, if you had
that big, giant Double Mac
hamburger, or hamburger, there
probably isn't an alignment
with the digestive system.
So I might see the
color red, but it would
be a much different meaning.
So the pancreas would normally
be what, energetically?
Energetically, the color of it
is kind of, the best way to say
is, kind of, maybe
like a terracotta,
a peach, an apricot.
Oh, OK.
And so when it goes into this
deep brown, red-y color--
When it goes into this red
color, in this phlegm green,
as I call it, and everything,
it just lets me know.
It's just not functioning
the way it's designed to.
And when it's functioning
the way it's designed to,
I get this little terracotta,
peach bumpling out
and everything.
And behaviorally, a person
is much more engaged.
They're very enthusiastic.
They feel like they have a sense
of control over their life.
And there's just a different
persona about them.
And so, do you kind
of back engineer it,
where you see the auric
issue first, and then start
asking questions,
and then you start
getting the emotional or
spiritual components to it?
And then you can find
your way with your client?
Absolutely.
And the beauty of the aura
is that, as I tell people,
you completely control me.
If you have a place where
you aren't willing to go,
I can't go there with you.
If there's something
that they're dealing
with on an emotional level
that may have a lot of history
to it, and they're
not ready to hear it,
it's not going to
reveal itself to me.
But you do, you just go
in and-- and in a case of,
if I see something in the
aura, such as diabetes,
and I know that if it's
in the beginning stages,
or it's advanced, I
will say to someone,
are you working with a doctor?
And sometimes they'll
say yes or no.
And if you're working
with a doctor,
have you been diagnosed?
And if they've been diagnosed,
then I take it from there.
OK.
And then you can start
helping them rebuild,
really with some things we were
talking about in the beginning,
starting to look at their
own fears, number one.
Then start looking
at some of the values
that they may have
gone astray on.
And you really start
rebuilding, psychologically
and emotionally,
forward, don't you?
You really do.
And you know, I mean,
we-- I think we get
lost so we can find our self.
And I think the gift of illness,
as strange as it may sound,
is that it's a great equalizer.
Everything that was in our day
timer, our agenda was too full,
everything we had to do, when
you suddenly don't wake up,
and you don't feel well,
or you've been diagnosed,
nothing is important but you.
You, your body, your life,
you look at your life,
you look at your job.
Are you really happy?
Are you not?
It's just-- it's a
time of awareness.
It really is an awakening
and awareness time.
And we're going to be-- we take
a break in just a minute here,
but when we come back, we're
going to be talking about some
of the other larger issues
that you're starting to see.
One of them is
autoimmune disorders.
Absolutely.
And again, is this an-- this
is of epidemic proportions now.
It is, absolutely.
Even more so than diabetes.
And in addition to that, we're
going to also be taking a look
at some of the new kids that
are coming into the world,
because the little kids
that-- many of you see them,
they have a different kind
of shine in their eyes.
They know things that you
didn't know at that same age,
and you would say, this is a
very different type of child.
And you're going to tell
us what they look like,
and what they're bringing
to the planet at this time.
So stay tuned.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And we're back with medical
intuitive, Carol Ritberger.
I-- it's a fascinating
conversation to this point,
and there's so much
more we have to discuss.
And I already
teased it coming in,
so let's talk a little bit
about autoimmune problems
in the public at
large, because we're
having-- we're struggling.
A lot of people are
struggling, at all ages,
are struggling with autoimmune.
And you have a unique
perspective on what this means.
I-- and thank you for
that, because it really is.
I mean, a lot of the focus,
from the medical aspect of it,
is on diabetes.
But one of the things I've
seen as a medical intuitive is
our immune systems are
constantly being taxed.
Whether we're looking
at the stress,
we're looking at the foods,
no matter-- our core values,
it-- we're just almost
pushed the limits.
And our immune
system's our protector,
and it really doesn't know
how to protect us from us.
And as a result, when we get
into these cycles of thoughts
that really don't
reflect who we are,
the brain goes in
and says, come on.
Immune system, help me do this.
Help me figure this out.
I need to solve this problem.
And what it'll do
is, it'll go in
and it'll actually
trigger inflammation.
And I guess if we said that
autoimmune is at an epidemic
level, I think we even have
to go down deeper than that,
and say that, really,
inflammation is an epidemic.
Yes.
Absolutely.
And that's at the base
of all chronic disease.
All chronic disease,
or all heart disease,
or high cholesterol, or all
of the different things that
are going on.
I mean, even going
into fibromyalgia,
going into chronic fatigue,
going into aches and pains,
an idiopathic pain that
kind of bounces around
in its referral and everything.
All of it comes back
down to inflammation.
As a medical
intuitive, inflammation
is really clear to me.
We're irritated with ourselves.
And that could be, we're
disappointed at ourselves,
maybe unrealistic
expectations, there's
a whole lot of psyc-- there's
a lot of psychological things
that contribute to it.
But until we can get to
that root cause of why we're
irritated with ourselves,
individually, it just wrecks
havoc on the physical body.
Well, and then what
happens when you add to that
the fact that the
medical industry is not
really trained to look
at things, certainly,
the way you are right.
And so, you throw a pill at
it, or a lot of pills at it.
Exactly.
Well and I think the
pills certainly address
the issue that was
basically identified,
but the human body doesn't
know what to do with everything
we're throwing at it.
-Right
I mean we-- you know, our--
Especially one-size-fits-all
types of drugs.
Absolutely.
And again, I'm
not anti-medicine,
but so many of the
things that we're taking
are really inflammatory
in their reaction.
Antibiotics, we're changing
the whole way we're looking
at the use of antibiotics.
That-- it used to be that,
anything that was wrong,
let's throw antibiotics at it.
Now we're realizing the body
is adapting to antibiotics,
it creates a tremendous
inflammatory reaction,
it's helping the immune
system, but it's also
creating a myriad of problems.
It's changing the gut and
the way it works, and pH,
and it goes on, and on, and on.
And so now we're seeing that
we're not throwing that at it
way that we used to.
But again, for me as
a medical intuitive,
it's like stepping back and
just saying to ourselves, very
simply, using our
body energy, using
where we are psychologically,
if we're angry,
I know we're not born angry.
Anger is a conditioned response.
If we're angry about
something, the way I look at it
is, the soul is
basically saying,
you don't want to be here.
You don't want to be here.
This isn't a place
that's good for you.
It isn't a place that's
healthy for you, meaning body,
psychologically.
And if we looked at anger as
just that barometer that says,
stop.
Take a deep breath.
Step back.
Is this where you want to be?
Is this compromising you?
Is this causing you to be
irritated with yourself?
But people are living in low
and high levels of this state,
on an emotional
level, chronically.
Because we're frustrated
with the world about us.
We're frustrated with--
well, and for good reason,
with many things right now, life
is offering lot of challenges,
because we're in these
deeply changing times.
Exactly.
And the frustration--
I mean, again,
if-- as a medical
intuitive, I mean
it's easy to be able to do this
with other people, sometimes
I fall into my own
abyss, honestly, with it.
But the reality of it is,
frustration is the emotion
that is a precursor to anger.
So if we were to just
say, I'm frustrated,
and acknowledge
it, acknowledging
it changes the chemistry
of the body and the way
the brain accepts it.
It removes that fear.
-OK.
So let's talk about that.
What happens when we
don't intercept it?
I mean, this is the beautiful
thing about having mastery
over the emotions, of
the mind, meditation,
any number of practices.
But let's say it got past us
before we were able to put
those good filters up, and we're
going into fear over something.
Anger and fear.
Let's talk about it from a
biochemical point of view,
what happens in the body?
Well the--
And what it looks
like in the aura, too.
The first thing
is, anatomically,
when we experience
fear, it literally
sends off an
electrochemical, kind
of an avalanche of messages.
The pituitary
gland, that's master
gland of the endocrine
system, reads emotions.
That pituitary gland isn't
coming in and saying, from,
I'll use the example of
a snake, we see a snake,
and the snake is a snake.
But our history is,
oh, snakes are bad.
So what the pituitary
reads is, this is bad.
And it doesn't have a
filter in it that basically
discerns how bad it is.
So a snake, it's bad,
the pituitary goes,
this is life-threatening bad.
And then, as a
result, that changes
the chemistry the adrenals.
Now we have adrenaline,
corticosteroids, cortisol
running through the body.
Breathing changes, heart rate
changes, perspiration changes,
digestion changes, and we are
in a full-blown fight or flight,
over--
-And this is happening all day.
All day.
All day, even in places
that we're not aware of it.
I mean we're aware
if there's a snake,
and we have a fear of snakes.
But it can be something as
simple as, getting an email.
Right.
And what it does is, it--
it-- the brain adapts.
This is what we're learning
in all of the new field
of neuroscience.
The brain adapts
very quickly to fear.
It accepts it as being
the norm, if we experience
it in a consecutive manner.
And so, what happens is that
you may get an email that
may be very innocuous,
but for some reason
it triggered an emotion in you.
That brain is going to
send that same reaction,
and it speaks to
the immune system,
that the immune system
says, we've got a problem.
Let's go out and burn it out.
Let's find it out,
ferret it out.
And what it does is--
-Bring the fire hoses and--
Absolutely.
Let's create inflammation.
And the gift of the
inflammation is, fever is one
of the forms of inflammation.
It's trying to burn it out.
It's trying to get
it to the surface.
But it's-- but we're
literally have been--
excuse me for one-size-fits-all,
but we're literally have been
so fear-based consciousness,
that our brains have adapted
to fears being the norm.
And if an emotion around
a snake creates anger,
because the snake's there,
or an email creates anger,
the brain doesn't
discern the difference.
It creates the same
chemical reaction.
Now let's talk about it
from your type of vision.
What does that look like
when something has-- say
you had this email
and your brain is
now interpreting it in a
fearful, threatened manner.
What does that look like?
What are you seeing
within the person?
The first thing is,
is that it's like
out of the solar plexus area.
It's like this big,
gaping hole opens up.
And it's just all
this red energy
just pouring out of them.
In that case, it's kind of
like their life force is just
being sucked out
of them, and that's
what it looks like to me.
And then what happens
is, it dissipates out,
and it's like it leaves us
energetically vulnerable.
And then we're vulnerable
to the energy coming
in that supports the fear.
It's almost like the
brain is out there going,
is there anything out there
that supports this fear?
We're like magnets,
and we pull it in.
Maybe we call up a friend and
go, I just got this email.
And the friend
goes, I don't know.
I got an email like
that the other day.
Now you're freaking
each other out.
Absolutely.
Now we're--
So this is very depleting.
Absolutely it is.
Absolutely.
And it drains us of
energy, and then we
wonder why we're so tired,
why we have sleep issues,
insomnia, sleep deprivation.
I mean, the body
just doesn't relax.
And why we have very little
passion and enthusiasm.
Oh, yes.
Exactly.
It's like it's-- honestly,
and when I see this,
it's like we just
get up in the morning
and we go through the motions.
Right.
And yes, it gets
us through the day.
Yes, it pays the bills.
Yes, we get a sense
of satisfaction,
maybe a little bit,
at the end of the day.
But that's now what we're--
came into this life to do.
I mean, we came
into life to learn,
and that means you're going
to learn what you don't like,
and you're going to
learn what you like.
But we didn't come into this
world to let everything--
To be drones.
To be drones, or to feel
like, you know, we have -- this
cord that's out, it's like, OK.
Anybody need energy?
Plug me in.
-Yeah, yeah.
Suck me dry.
-Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
And so-- and so, this is a
really lovely segue now into
the newer people on the planet.
The ones who are shorter
and not quite as old.
Because this period
of time is giving
birth to a new type of being.
It really, it is.
The-- in many of the
ancient texts, and there's
a whole bunch of them,
so I could quote them,
but they were called
blue children.
And they were called blue
children because, oracally,
the blue is about truth.
It's about speaking your truth.
It's tied to that individual
will-power, and kind
of the essence of who we are.
And so they were referred
to as blue children.
And we really started becoming
aware of them, scientifically,
in 1981.
And we called them the indigos.
Yes.
And these are highly
developed, highly
developed in their intuition,
highly intuitive children that
don't see things, or
do things-- I mean,
there was a young boy
in China that could
read a book through his toes.
-Yes.
And another one,
I saw, that could
put it under their pillow,
or under their arm.
Absolutely.
They-- they see
things differently.
They work differently.
They're also
anatomically different.
We are knowing--
we-- the science
that's been around it is,
we know their livers are
actually different.
They have more of a filter
system than our livers do.
That's advantageous.
And they also have
a different way
that their immune systems work.
For example, they could
transmute AIDS or cancer,
and they could die
of a common cold.
Interesting.
So we're seeing some
things that are happening.
But they're here--
I really believe
they're here to help us, again,
remember what's important.
That truth, that
importance of what life is.
And they call it like it is,
and they don't have any problem
getting in your face.
You know, it's like, you're
not speaking the truth.
Now is this for a
generation at large.
Are you speaking of very
specific individuals?
Because, a lot of times,
we'll see in a family,
I'll hear many people say,
oh, my little grandchild
is very different.
You can see in their eyes.
And proud grandparents.
And they are, usually, these
little kids are really quite,
quite advanced for their years.
Their understanding,
and comprehending
what's going on around them,
and articulating it back.
But our-- is it true, also,
that other children that may not
appear to have this kind
of indigo-child nature,
may actually be just as lit up.
It's just that,
maybe they're not
in an environment that
encourages the sharing as much
as another household might.
Absolutely.
And thank you for
bringing that up.
Absolutely.
And they may not be as lit
up, but that doesn't mean
they're not doing their work.
The indigos tend
to-- the children
tend to gravitate to
parents that maybe
aren't as truthful
with each other,
or are struggling with truth.
I mean, they-- they
really-- they're
here to just change everything.
And I used to do a lot
of work with teaching
people about indigo children,
and frankly, I stopped it.
And I stopped it
because it started
to create this differentiation,
well my child's
better than yours, or my child's
a crystal, or my child is this,
or my child is that.
And the children, when
I would talk to them,
they got so
frustrated with this.
And they would come to me
and they would say, Carol,
this isn't what this is about.
And I'd say, I know.
But this is what we do.
We're so conditioned to
categorize, and to create
pecking orders, and
this kind of, somebody's
more intuitive than the other.
That's-- they are here to
remind us what's important,
and to teach us to speak
truth, and to teach
us how to truly love.
And that is the
message of this era.
It is.
And it has been for the
last few thousand years,
but I mean, now we have
to kind of get it down.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
And they call us
on it, don't they?
Yes.
It's time to not just talk it,
but to walk it, so to speak.
Exactly.
But we were talking off
camera, and another thing,
and I bring this up for
purpose, because I'm
going back to where we are
right now in the conversation.
When you're looking
at individuals,
and there are certain
propensities for a,
say a personality trait, or
even a physical disorder,
even physical
markings on the body,
such as in Paul Von
Ward's work, and what
they're doing with reincarnation
and the human genome.
We're talking about past lives,
past experiences, that appear
to be flowing into the present.
We are.
The difference is, is that these
kids remember their past lives.
And I mean, they-- I mean, I've
had two-year-olds that could--
that would say to their
mother, do you remember
when I was your mother?
And the mother's like, oh, OK.
Well, this would be fine.
But they do.
They-- they don't have
that veil that we do,
that separates the
past, past lives,
the present, and the future.
-Right.
And so they will.
They-- and-- past
lives is when you
bring that information forward.
Something that I learned when
I was in the transition time,
all we do-- and we're
not bringing bad karma.
We're just bringing
back what we learned--
Just experience.
--to be able to share,
to refine our self,
to share with others.
-To tweak a little bit.
-To tweak.
Well, that's what it is.
-It's all about tweaking.
-It is.
It's all about reinventing.
And we don't have to recreate
all the time, but reinvent.
So absolutely.
Oh, I had that
experience with my son,
when he was about three
years, eight, nine months old.
He was a little guy,
and I was just feeling
blue this particular day.
And the two of us
were at home, and he
was building a pillow fort.
He loved building--
building pillow forts.
So he's a little
sandy-haired guy,
and he's building
his pillow fort.
And I being-- I
wasn't very much fun,
I was just kind of lost
in my own little world.
I said, honey-- And I was
referring to a past life
thing, when I was speaking with
him, so I'll say that upfront.
Something that I knew
about from the past.
And I said, honey,
I just want you
to know that, even
though I'm not
very much fun to be with
sometimes, I love you dearly.
And there was a time
I didn't treat you
as well as I could
have, and I don't
ever want that to happen again.
And he just kept
building his pillow fort.
And the he said,
it's all right, Mom.
I did it to you, too.
And I said, what?
I wasn't expecting to get
anything back on this one.
I just wanted to-- I
just had to say it.
And he said, oh no, I did it
to you when I was your daddy.
And I said, what are
you talking about?
He said, well--
I said, when did you see this?
He said, oh, I was supposed to
be taking a nap at Busy Bee--
his nursery school-- And he
said, I couldn't go to sleep,
and I was just
seeing this stuff.
And I said, well where were we?
And he said, oh, it was
at a place called England.
He had adenoids, and he
was always stuffed up.
He said, I was in a
place called England.
And he told me what
the buildings look like
and everything, which
was not anything
that he was exposed to.
He wouldn't know these things.
He was not that kind
of kid at that time.
And then started telling
me what he was wearing,
and he said, you were the oldest
child, and the mommy died.
And there were a bunch of
kids, and I used to beat you up
because I was angry and sad.
And I thought, whoa.
It wasn't until many, many years
later, when he was an adult,
and he said, oh,
I remember that.
I thought I was a
boy for some reason,
and it turned out that
I was his daughter,
but I reminded him of his wife.
And he was so angry and sad
at being left with this brood
of kids, because she had died.
And so I thought, oh my
god, chicken and egg.
Where does this
stuff begin, right?
But he was very
comfortable, and he's also
at the age that was at
the very beginning of what
was called the influx
of that particular kind
of consciousness.
Not a different being
from another place.
Which brings me now to
where I wanted to go.
These little kids, and this
memory they're bringing forth,
is really just showing
us our future selves,
because we'll be,
theoretically, coming
right back into that
wheel of life as them.
Absolutely.
They are.
And again, that's part of
the process of the way they
bring the information forward.
They're very expansive
in their thinking.
They're neurology is
phenomenal, with the way
the nerve synapses are wired.
I mean, they literally are
bouncing around their brain
all the time.
We may think, as
parents, my gosh,
they're bouncing all around.
But they literally
are bouncing around.
They-- they don't-- they don't
have that conditioning that,
you have to be this,
or you have to be that.
They just flow beautifully.
And their auras are more open
when you're looking at them?
They are.
You know, I liken
that-- and thank you
for asking that, too, because I
liken the aura of the children,
and when I say children, we have
elder indigos that are gracing
this earth, as well, that are
kind of the eyes and ears,
and when they can't
find their answers,
they can go to Gaiam
TV, or they can
go somewhere else to find it.
But the thing is with
them, their energy is
a lot like an animal or a tree.
You don't see an animal
coming in and going,
oh, well, I'm going
to put my barrier,
and I'm not going
to let anybody in.
Or tree doesn't do that.
It's like, oh, well, you're
a bad tree over here.
I'm going to protect myself.
Their energy is very open, and
they know you before they even
connect with you.
Their auras are--
we've actually measure
their auras 55 feet from them.
We have instrumentation
that we can do this.
So it's kind of like an animal.
The animals out there, they
get to know you before they
even get to talk to you.
-Right.
They've already
sensed your field
and brought back
the information.
And they've already sensed you.
They know whether you
can learn from them,
they can learn from you.
If it's just a smile, you've
learned something from them.
If they stop and talk to you, or
if they need something, and may
be guidance, they'll do it.
You'll say to them, oh
isn't this a lovely day?
Or something, or just help them.
They're very open.
They're very healing.
And they're very
connected to each other.
And again, we're coming
back into this era of,
love thy neighbor as thyself.
And-- and also, an era where
we're supposed to be looking
at the reasons for this
conditioning of judging
one another so harshly.
Really, the new era
is about compassion,
and we're all on
that learning curve.
We're trying to
learn in our own way.
But what is the difference
with these kids, in the way
to connect with each other?
Because we just see
it and think, jeez,
can they ever get off
the iPhone, BlackBerry?
They're addicted to the
technology, but you're saying,
no, it's not the technology
they're addicted to.
I really don't
believe that they are.
I believe that it's a
new form of community.
And in many ways, they're
much more community-oriented
than someone of my age that,
we think we're community
because we talk to our
neighbor, but we really
aren't community-oriented.
We become kind of isolated in
the way that we live our life.
We go to work, we
have our cubicles,
we work within our cubicles,
we go home, we close our doors.
Close-- so we really aren't, but
these kids, this social media
that we talk about,
and psychologists
are talking about-- a lot about
all the negative aspect of it.
The reality is, it isn't.
I don't believe
that it's negative.
I don't see it in their field.
I believe that there's always
anomalies, I need to say that.
They seem to be much
more open with each other,
and you more, warts and all.
If you don't like it, too bad.
Which is very refreshing.
They call it like it is.
They, you know, they communicate
at a much larger scale
than we do.
They share so openly.
Oh my gosh.
You know, what they-- what they
have belongs to someone else.
If they don't have
it, they can do it.
They share.
It's just, I think that
anything that's different,
I think the old
ways have to go in
and dissect it, and have
to pick up everything
that's wrong with it.
But if they would
look at the kids,
and they would look
at their sociability,
they would look
at their openness,
they would look at
their deep caring
they have for society,
and people, and earth,
and all the things.
They're so oneness-oriented.
And I think social media is just
a great way for that to happen
at the scale that it can.
Well, and it's interesting,
because a lot of parents
they're-- as we talked
about, they're frustrated,
because the kid seems
to be dialed out.
And a lot of parents feel
that their children are
being very dismissive of them.
Like, you know, yeah.
What do you want?
OK OK.
Well, how-- what would
you say to those parents
to help them, maybe,
embrace this a little more,
or work with it a bit more?
Because I think a lot-- most
parents go through this now.
Yeah.
What I would probably
do is say to them,
go back to when you
were 12 or 13 years old,
and you started differentiating
yourself from your mother
and your father, and you
started into that, what we call,
puberty, which is the,
kind of, one-size-fits-all
for behavioral issues.
But go back, where were you?
You didn't want to
believe like your parents.
It-- it's an individual thing.
And that's what they're doing.
So it's classically the same
thing that's always been.
It's just that they have
a device in their hands.
So--
-Absolutely.
We need to just get over
it and not personalize it.
But we had-- we had
devices in our hands, also.
We called them cars, we called
them this, we called them that.
Well, I was on the
telephone all the time.
Well, there it was.
Now it just happens where we're
not tethered down with it.
-Exactly.
-But-- Yes.
What about the-- and now
what about the gender--
the gender development?
Because this is
really very different.
The girls are more assertive.
Even in-- and now,
in society, the women
are starting-- the stats
have started changing.
Women are finding an easier time
of it, finding jobs right now,
than the men are, for example.
But as we take it down
into younger age group,
and say 30s and under,
you're talking about the boys
seem to be more comfortable
with the feminine aspect
of themselves.
The girls seem to
be more comfortable
with their masculine aspect.
What do you see,
aurically, going on here?
Because if this is
us in the future,
let's observe, and
learn, and see from--
I think that--
and you're right.
I see this a lot.
And I think the only way that,
kind of, the elders get a clue,
is that they have to
see things different.
And I do see a lot of the male
body taking feminine energy.
A lot more sensitivity,
a lot more compassion,
and I think overall, that's for
us to stop the conditioning.
You know, that part that says,
you know, you're a boy, get
up and do this, and everything.
I think it's the same
way for the girls.
I think that we're seeing that
the female is shifting, where
she's bringing in that warrior.
And that we're seeing,
just, a basic shift
in the way that we're going
to condition and perceive
masculine and feminine.
Yes.
I think so, too.
And-- and I think it's
a beautiful thing,
but it's difficult, as you go
out successive generations.
I notice even my
father's generation.
They have a very different view
of what my son's generation
should be like, how
they should be behaving,
and they should be more
aggressively pursuing.
But there are few
issues going on here.
They seem to take more
comfort in just being
together, number one, socially.
-They do.
That seems to almost
have the top priority
on a lot of levels.
And secondly, there aren't a
lot of jobs out there, which
is creating a different issue,
which kids are not being--
they're not having
the chance to really
learn, and express themselves,
and take that responsibility.
How do you see it?
Well for me, I think that
the only way we truly learn
is through contrast.
Yes.
And I think, and my father's
very much the same way,
from the standpoint that,
this is what female does,
and this is what male
does, and the roles
are very well defined.
And when someone
doesn't follow that,
then there's something
wrong with them,
and probably something
wrong with parents.
And it just, kind of, mushrooms.
But I think it's an
opportunity for us to look back
and to see that there is
a shift that's going on,
that that shift is going to
be a very, very healthy shift.
And without the contrast, I
don't think that we learn.
I don't think that
we're open to change.
I think we talk
about it, but I don't
think we're really open to it.
And I think that
this is the new way
that we're going to be whole.
Males are going to be
warriors when they need
to, compassionate
when they need to,
and females are
going to do the same.
And I think we're going
to go back to that,
almost, androgynous
approach to life,
instead of getting, kind of,
boxed in with these gender
roles, personally.
That's my opinion.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I think it's a progression,
if it does go that way.
Then we can start looking
more individually instead of,
you're classified as a
male, so you're going to be
a firefighter, or whatnot.
Exactly.
You're going to be a, whatever
you're going to be as a female,
you know?
A Dress designer.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
You asked me something about
auras, and, gosh, Regina,
I was just thinking about that,
so-- I would like to tell you
that, when I look at young
people-- of course anybody
younger than me is young--
-Yes.
Of course.
But I look at them,
they're auras are
very, not only expansive and
open, there's a lot of teal.
They're very much healers.
Oh, wonderful.
There's a lot of what,
in my crayon box is called
razzle dazzle rose,
and it's a color
of fuchsias, and reds,
and 13, literally,
13 different vibrations in it.
A lot of compassion, a lot of
love, a lot of sensitivity.
That's wonderful.
This beautiful, golden yellow.
They are-- they want to learn.
You know, we think about
the fact that, you know,
they're not learning
while they're
on the computer, or anything.
Oh my gosh.
They can multitask,
they're learning.
And they really, really, they're
auras are just beautiful.
They're kind of like a
baby, from the standpoint,
they're not real well-defined,
where I have teal,
I have a white-teal, or I have
this pink, and I have magentas,
and I have terracottas,
They're just--
They're beautiful in
the way that they look.
That's a very
hopeful statement.
I mean, really, I
appreciate you sharing that.
Because, again, I'm always
looking at the big picture,
and I'm thinking, if they are
here to remind us of what we
are, and what we are going
to become as a species,
then everything you're saying
is really, very good news.
And I know we only have
very few minutes left here,
and there's one other thing
that you just briefly mentioned
to me off-camera, and
we haven't talked about,
and that is, you had
an epiphany about pain.
Oh, I did.
In fact, I just did this as
far as pain-- pain literally--
we know, scientifically, if
the brain experiences pain, 60
minutes, uninterrupted,
it actually
changes cellular activity, and
it starts to normalize pain.
So if we, of course,
if we have surgery,
it's an acute situation.
Usually we'll go on drugs,
which is really, very helpful,
because then the
brain doesn't go in
and start adapting to the pain.
But what we know is that
pain is associated with fear.
And when we experience the
pain, we experience the fear,
we experience the anger--
-There you go.
--becasue we can't
do what we used to do.
Now we're in that cycle.
Now we're back in that cycle.
And so what we're doing, from
the standpoint of looking
at pain, is we're
looking at, what can we
do, not so much from the
physiology of the body,
or the anatomy, what can
we do, psychologically,
to change the pattern?
Crystals.
Magnets.
Stanford University is
using magnet therapy.
We're using crystal therapy,
music therapy, color therapy.
Things-- self talk, different
things, affirmations, mantras.
All of them, though,
have one thing in common.
They're all energetically-based.
They're all
energetically-based.
And they're all heartfelt-based.
-Heartfelt.
And they create balance and
harmony back into the body.
Well I hope that, in time, you
come back, after this research
has gone a little deeper.
Because I know you're making
discoveries by the day,
because you're able to
see what's going on.
So I hope that we
get to do this again,
in the not-too-distant future.
And I really
appreciate your taking
the time to be with us today.
I just love what you do,
and I love to beautiful way
in which you see all of it.
And thank you for holding
that beauty for all of us.
-Well, thank you.
-I really appreciate it.
My pleasure.
Meanwhile, I cannot think
of a more useful skill,
regardless if anyone's
paying for it or not,
and the nice thing is, you
teach people how to do this.
To be able to assist one
another with our vision
is, probably, the
greatest gift in life.
If you feel inclined
in this direction,
you can connect with
Carol through her website
at ritberger.com.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us at Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]